OPEN SOURCE---

Sketch is a PHP 5 CMS system built from the servers perspective. 
It aims for server speed and performance first. 
It has full support for customization and supports all the latest standards. 

SHOPPING CART---
DPS
Online Banking
Paypal

GALLERIES---
Each gallery supports light box features

BLOGGING---
Sketch support multiple blogs/forum pages for members and for the public

MEMBERSHIP---
Sketch supports membership grouping and features.

PAGES AND FEATURES---
News pages
Blogging
Galleries
Products
Page Tags
Simple Install
Animated Banners
Casestudies
XML feeds
Twitter
Multi-page create
Multi-site

CACHING---
Caching will give the correct headers to have the user cache it
Caching will create a flat file on the server so the server does not have to re-process it
Entire Pages can be cached on the server - improving performance.

SECURE---
Encrypts all passwords / cookies using a random md5 encryption key.
Forms use tokens to get authorization
Page content goes though an approval process
Forces removal of install files
Supports USER_AUTH to make a site private until launch

BENCHMARKED---
Simply add ?benchmark to the URL to get real feed back in the console (firebug/crome/safari web tools)

MULTI-PLATFORM---
IIS / Linux platforms.
Apache on windows,Mac or Linux environments

EXTENDABLE---
Sketch uses Models / View / Controllers - but in a flexible way
Don't want to use the MVC - then don't - drop a page in to the views folder and let it run - sketch will take care of the rest.

Each Page,plugin,output and form can be modified - the saving is managed behind the scenes.

HELPFUL---
Sketch has a helpers folder - In there is are Validation/ Email / Paypal / DPS / minification and more...
Sketch presents a full error when things go wrong
Errors can be turned off when Development mode is finished

TINY---
All pages are stripped of comments and whitespace
Best Practice
Latest Standards are used in headers, Ajax requests not cached

Mootools
Get the best of mootools by just using the styles in forms

SEO---
Analytics and Standards are used to create meta tags

RSS---
Blogs and News Get an rss feed at newsfeed and blogfeed

PORTABLE---
Sketch knows when it is in a subfolder - these are never written to file paths - so when moving the site form one folder to another - Sketch adjusts the links for you.